# Granger

A modern, lightweight range UI component with an aim towards integration
simplicity and accessibility across all input methods.

Note: This is pre-alpha software and is subject to change.

[View demo](http://iamdustan.github.com/granger)

## Why Coffeescript?

This module is being built in coffeescript. I am a javascript developer
through and through. JS was and is my first love concerning programming
languages. That said, there is nothing to be learned or served by
dismissing Coffeescript outright and it would be unfair and unjust of me
to do so without giving it a fair trial.

This project may not forever be coffeescript, but it has just enough
complexity to get a base understanding of coffeescripts idioms.

## Inspiration

Thanks to @seb_ly for http://jsfiddle.net/dmzk4/ which
inspired me to pull this off right in the DOM, and Anthony Terrien for
the beautiful demos at http://anthonyterrien.com/kontrol/

Also thanks to the grunt and yeoman teams for promoting my laziness.

## License

The MIT License (MIT)
Copyright (c) 2013 Dustan Kasten

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

